hello oh hello this game stop yeah okay
ah question about like that it's a new
game that came out called a pokemon
platinum oh yes oh it's for any other
con for what I'm a lot of them but for
me is it just it just as infinity it oh
ok that's pressing ok what other pokemon
games you have about second chances that
he is SNES a game bold color and a
gameboy advance and I one of the
marketing machines with pac-man I'll
give any other pokemon games locked for
gameboy advance 3 and then ate a few
pokemon games quite a few actually ok
confluent advanced nds and there's like
couple on gamecube wait ok well i think
i've gained keep tuned so what about
Game Boy Advance what which ones you
have there
uh-huh well we have pokemon emerald fire
red leaf green the mystery dungeon red
rescue version pokemon pinball for being
sapphire pokemon sapphire Pokemon each
blank out and come on Joe 20 foot open
to those new videos okay what about hugs
my name of college snack-off put 10 in
pokemon emerald emerald is actually uh
forty forty bucks for a game ball game
is it it's good facebook1 still that
popular okay can you catch all pokemon
heart sure it gets quite a few okay
quite a few okay well so he got on the
floor what's up you had a lot on the
floor poking out on a roll oh yeah baby
yeah okay you can catch off you on it oh
yeah I mean each game has you know like
100 result another under Pope's know how
many are there don't I don't know for
sure i'm not a pokemon food but it was
all page okay well i'm not saying it but
i want to be one okay so uh working give
up to follow read without 12 it was
another one how much that cost that was
30 okay and i have like about 100
pokemon on too yeah i'm sure there's
like that so that there's probably some
of the same pokemon obviously I'm like
yo Pikachu one more notable ones and
then this right harder what does the
financial okay okay so what was the
other one he said sapphire yeah there
was a nut fired as well okay so so each
of these will have like a Pokemon each
other okay that's not good some shirts I
get you in that ballpark okay in the
ballpark well that's good so you have
all those like all them in the store and
usually have all those it stuck okay
that's pretty cool i'll be there like an
hour you don't need a hold on okay we're
quite a few gradually so I so on I'm
gonna be a Pokemon master
ok